# 11 May 22
## Tasks
- [x] Meeting with Anne @ 8
	- Finalize Grid Marking Schedule
	- Go over question sheet
	- Clarify "Change order"
- [x] Get photo taken
- [x] O&M Staff Meeting @ 9
- [x] Create [[Sidewalk 22 Running Changes]] to track necessary changes to the AutoCAD File that may need to be done. 
- [ ] Find PASER map and start update
	- Bro,, microstation is HARD. I feel link I can't do anything and know nothing
- [x] Grid Marking
	- [x] Prep Work
	- New
		- [x] C-12
		- [x] C-13
		- [x] C-14
	- Fix
		- [x] C-04
	- [x] Question Document
- [x] Schedule GIS Training
- [x] Stop by Sandra's Office to get my photo taken and confirm I-9

## Record
- Meeting with Anne and Micah
	- Change Order is pushed to --> [[12MAY22]]
	- Schedule seems good
	- Detail 6-15 is fine
- Photo got taken
- Sat in to introduce myself to the OM engineers
- Preped and went out to stripe sidewalks. 
	- C-13 and C-14 went off just fine.
	- There were some errors on the sheets to correct on C-12.
		- Ask Micah how to fix these up --> [[12MAY22]]
- Took my Lunch
- Edited the [[Sidewalk 22 Running Changes]]
- I now have about 90 minutes to look at the PASER map.
	- Found it at Q:\AES\CIVIL\Information Library\ASSET MANAGEMENT PROGRAMS\ROADS PROGRAM\Road Rating Maps
	- I've spent like an hour trying to get microstation to work for what I want. I literally just need to change a color of a line, but I can't figure it out. 
	- Started using this tutorial: https://www.linkedin.com/learning/learning-bentley-microstation-v8i/what-is-a-workspace?autoSkip=true&autoplay=true&resume=false&u=42573940
	- Got stuck literally 5 mins in, my installation is very different from the one she is using. God.