# Plan
- [ ] Add stop ahead detail to the details page
- [ ] NCRC Striping Plan?
- [x] Prep for Maryam 
- From [[08MAY23]]
	- [ ]  Forward NCRC photo and location to Shane Howard and cc Anne
	- [x] Send NCRC cowpath to Grounds
- [ ] Send Emails to Childcare centers to come take a look at the fences. 
	- [ ] Prep documents
- for [[16MAY23]]
	- [ ] Go check out Arbor Lakes Area
# Record
- Before I leave, I want to help with:
	- Getting Asphalt program out to Bid
	- Marking all sidewalk for 2023 program
	- Creating new inspection sheets for 2024 inspection
- Mostly been working to help get Maryam up to speed and on the new maps.
- Found the civil hiring questions?
	- Responses [1. Get to know the candidate]
	- Responses [2. Which design requirements are you most familiar?]
	- Responses [3. Describe a time when you needed to build a relationship with someone very different from you.]
	- Responses [4. Describe a project or assignment where the outcome or process was unclear]
	- Responses [5. Describe your experience designing and constructing parking lots, parking structures, walkways/sidewalks, plazas, roadways, and utilities.]
	- Responses [6. Describe your approach in design and constructing parking lots/walkways/sidewalks/plazas vs. utilities. Is it different? How?]
	- Responses [7. Tell me about a successful experience you have had implementing something across organizational boundaries]
	- Responses [8. Describe a situation when you were leading a group who did not know much about the task.]
	- Responses [9. Past experiences and practices shape team members proposed approach and may lead to differences in opinion, describe how you might resolve these potential conflicts and clarify the scope.]
	- Responses [10. Tell me about a time when your chosen solution didn't work, and you had to rethink the problem from scratch.]
	- Responses [11. Discuss the civil engineering design and CAD software that you are familiar with. What level of expertise do you have with each?]
	- Responses [12. Tell me about a time you had to project funding and resources to accomplish a set of goals.]
	- Responses [13. At times, this CE position may be required to create a new master specification or detail. Describe your experience in developing new content. What is your general approach?]
	- Responses [14. Describe a time when you had to make a decision without all the information you wanted or needed.]
	- Responses [15. Describe how you handled a situation where you were unable to follow through on a commitment.]

Health System
North Campus Children's Center
- Go between 10 and 3








jpowers@umich.edu