# 16 May 22
## Tasks
- [x] Meeting with Anne & Micah
- [x] Talk to Anne and Sandy about Remote work options and extending vacation.
- [x] Add Graphs to the Road Condition Map 
- Road Condtion Map is mostly complete now, just needs to be saved in the Q Drive. 
- [ ] Grid Marking
	- New
		- [x] C-09
			- [x] Questions in Question Sheet
		- [x] C-15
		- [x] C-16
			- [x] Questions in Question Sheet
		- [ ] C-20
		- [ ] C-21
		- [ ] C-25
		- [ ] C-23
			- These 3 may have to wait until tomorrow, depends on the timing today. 
	- Old
	- [x] Question Document
	- Make the [[Sidewalk 22 Running Changes]] a google doc and accessable to everyone.
## Record
- Planned out day and grid marking
- Meeting with Anne and Micah
	- Go check out FXB stuff while in the area --> [[17MAY22]]
	- Remove details of work already done in Northwood
		- Cross off in table on the large summary sheet
		- Create change orders for each sheet affected. Cross off the changes in the table
		- Update master database (change to No)
	- Start training for 23 Sidewalk program next week. 
- Road Condition Graphs (email from Anne)
	> For the graphs:
	> Here is the Master Road Condition file:
	> 
	> Q:\AES\CIVIL\Information Library\ASSET MANAGEMENT PROGRAMS\ROADS PROGRAM    file->  MASTER ROAD CONDITION EVALUATION.xlsx  
	> 
	> Go to sheet:  "Graphs"
	> 
	> The Graphs sheet has not been updated science 2015, likely before this master was created.  Please go ahead and update the data to reflect the road ratings and road length on sheet "Road Evaluation Data"  column K and column I.   This is the data that is reflected in the map you just did also.  Ideally, the data on the Graphs sheet should be auto-populated from the "Road Evaluation Data" so it will automatically update if we change the ratings.  Let me know if you have questions.
	- Focus on this after you get back from the sidewalk program today. 
- Emailed Anne and Sandy about extending vacation and possible remote work those days. (Change orders)
	- Denied :(
- Change Order 1 Details
	- Includes Email from Anne on 5/16/22 regarding steps outside of STAMPS
- Created the graphs for the Road PASER map and placed them in the microstation file. I just need to save it in the Q drive, made ITS ticket.
- Continued work on CO-1
	- [[CO-1 Changes]]